it's great unfairly charged back in time
there are 11 puppies in this pack it's
one huge family and that's one thing
that sets wild dogs apart from most
other predators they're very tight
extended family bond these large
cooperative packs have a huge advantage
when it comes to hunting which gives
them the highest strike rate of all
large predators on the continent they
together with all the Predators are
forced to come to more or less the same
spot as a result of this drought the
honeypot the focus of all life is around
the river and around the salt springs
Simon spots one dog with a broken foot
it's amazing to see that it's in good
health and keeping up with the pack it's
evidence of the benefits of teamwork the
camera team will keep tabs on the dogs
over the final days of the dry season as
the pack focused their hunting around
the salt springs but this is also where
our lion pride is holding forward so it
could spell trouble just a few hundred
metres downstream is one of the salt
springs lion pride the female with the
collar and it was only a day or so ago
that the entire pride was just upstream
of here on a buffalo kill so these dogs
really are caught between a rock and a
hard place because lions are their
archenemy
for now though they're oblivious to the
danger
you can often judge an animal success by
how much the youngsters play these guys
play a lot all the time increasing their
agility and building their speed what
they haven't noticed is that one of the
lionesses from the salt Springs pride
has arrived on the scene and hidden in a
thicket
she's keeping a close eye on the pack
but the dogs huge ears allow acute
hearing and the adult dog's attention is
grabbed by an impalas alarm core an
antelope has spotted the lion
straight away one of the adults is on
the case
the lioness presents a very real threat
she will kill a dog if she can catch one
one by one the adults and the sub adults
tried to distract her and draw her away
from the pack it gives the dog with a
broken foot time to chaperone the
puppies to safety
the lioness loses interest and leaves
the spring
you